# Network Diagram Design Project

(Started around February 2024 till April 2024)

The Network Diagram Design Project is a project I created during my networking design class where I had to use a simulated college client to fulfill their needs to a proper networking system design that can be beneficial and properly set up for the amount of users in each building throughout the college. I went through a serious of different assignments and tasks that are important in building out the network design. I first started off with understanding and setting up the network details such as VLANS, subenttings, and other crucial details. Secondly, I worked on creating a proper naming convention that works well for the network systems. Third, I created a Bill of Materials in an Excel sheet of all the proper equipment and upgrades of what each building needed based off of reading the issues the simulated college client had. I added all the equipments by each building, added spares, and I made the calculations in Excel to automatically adjust by adding easily to each building cost and total cost. I then worked on designing the Network through visio which turned out very well. Lastly, I had to write a heavy letter report documentation to the client about what important upgrades were added, the neccessary networking details, and overall explaining many details to the college client. I enjoyed working on creating this individiual Network Diagram Design Project, and I scored the highest in the class in terms of my work and submission of the files which are on GitHub to view!
